[Music]
hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here okay RTX 2080 r-tx 22 TI
these are the new Nvidia cards have
spend quite a bit of time testing games
on these things and you're probably
interested in benchmarks so here we go
benchmarks I'm grouping these up by
pricing tier instead of just by model
name I feel like it's a more fair
comparison instead of just by the naming
the r-tx 20 series GPUs are fast as heck
at 1440p they're ready giving a
noticeable boost over the previous
generation but at higher resolutions
it's very significant the performance
gains vary by a decent spread depending
on the title but at high resolutions
these new cards are crazy fast
the 2080 is awesome the 20 DTI is even
more so this card is doing stuff that
I've never seen before in any graphics
card being able to play witcher 3 at
almost 80 frames per second at 4k with
everything turned up playing siege on
ultra at 4k at over 144 frames per
second it's crazy now I'm using the Acer
X 27 display it's a 4k 144 Hertz and
gsync panel the detail that I'm seeing
in the game at 4k and then being able to
see everything run really smooth in-game
especially at that kind of resolution is
nutty now I want to take a look at the
cards themselves
I like the aesthetic of the previous 10
Series fanners Edition more I always
thought that they look like Ninja
Turtles
the new 20 series have a more generic
look to it I still think they look good
but they're just less visually iconic
they're black and silver nothing really
I catching but I think they do look good
they're also not a blower style fan
configuration like the older founders
editions from previous generations a lot
of them were kind of a blower style
these are an open-air dual fan design
with vapor chambers and it delivers
really good performance like both of
these founders Edition cards run quiet
and cool way quieter and way cooler than
I expected they're slightly overclocked
out of the factory so I think they did a
good job with thermal management there
are other AIB partners available they're
going to make in cars that are give me a
little bit cheaper and obviously with
different cooler styles and stuff if you
are looking for a blower style I know
that Asus is going to be making one
eventually I think soon I'm probably
gonna pick up one of those because I
prefer the blower style for the smaller
cases that I put them in so I'm going to
focus the rest of this video on kind of
a bigger question like are these r-tx 20
series cards really worth the money
because these are very expensive
this goes for 800 this goes for 1,200 I
believe us now these are not like the
cheapest versions of the arktech series
cards these are the founders editions
eventually AIB partners will put out
cheaper ones but if you want to pick up
one right now that's the price you're
gonna pay and that's not cheap the 20
DTI is not a value oriented product
right it's obviously extremely expensive
but because it's the most powerful GPU
on the market right now it can have that
kind of pricing it's greedy in my
opinion but it can have that kind of
pricing the 2080 like the regular one on
paper seems fairly priced for the
performance of getting right it's way
better than a GTX 1080 slightly better
than a 1080 Ti the turn architecture is
more efficient you get ray tracing
capabilities you get DLS s capabilities
it seems like a pretty good option for
someone who's interested in high res
high performance high frame rate gaming
but to kind of get into this a little
bit further we have to understand what
ray tracing and DL SS are and I'm not
going to go into crazy detail but just a
brief understanding
ray tracing right now is an
underdeveloped and unoptimized
technology we've seen some really
impressive demos and they look awesome
but there's a huge performance trade-off
and right now I don't
that trade-off is worth it for the
improved realism in shadows and lighting
like it's not an invidious fault this
hardware has to exist this first
generation of r-tx has to exist in
consumers hands before developers going
to spend the time and energy and effort
it takes to make ray-traced
games like it just has to happen for
this industry to move in that direction
but that doesn't mean that this first
generation of cards is the one to get
now there's a second technology that our
tech supports that I think is way cooler
it's DL SS so this uses machine learning
to massively increase the speed and
efficiency that these cards are able to
output games in 4k it's mostly done
through Nvidia like they just take the
game in advance they run it through
their supercomputer they get some data
that these cards can use to basically
optimize the way that they're pushing
out frame rates now the problem with
these two technologies are T X ray
tracing and RT X D LSS is that as a
consumer if you're buying these cards
right now you're betting on this
technology to take off in the future
it's not that the arch X 20 series is
underwhelming or underperforming it's
just that the 10 series card from the
previous generation did really really
well if anything it's a testament as to
how good the 10 series was because it's
still so good at delivering amazing
performance for current titles now this
review of the RT X 20 series isn't
comprehensive there aren't any RT X
titles for me to really test out there's
just a lot of demos of DL SS and demos
of RT X but I really want to kind of dig
deeper into this whole thing as titles
come out in the near future I also want
to try these things out in external GPU
configurations but my overall take on
this right now
is that if you're into 1080p gaming
don't look at these cards at all 10
series all the way for 1080p if you're
into 1440p gaming the 10 series cards
still do a really good job at it but the
20 series cards start to show their
advantage there but at 4k gaming if you
want the ultimate experience in visual
quality and frame rate especially we
have one of those big TVs that support
high frame rate 20 series is phenomenal
for that but just in my opinion if
you're picking up these cards don't pick
them up exclusively for the technologies
like ray tracing and deal
because that stuff is still in the mix
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time